1.14/readme.md, before:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.14.4)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.14.4.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

    - v1.0.5-b2   [M] Lang zh_cn updated (scikirbypoke).
                  [F] Fixed JEI integration warning if nothing is opt'ed out (thx @SDUBZ).
                  [A] Added GIT version logging.

    - v1.0.5-b1   [M] The REDIA tool prevents you from accidentally attacking villagers,
                      pets, and while mining also mobs (if not aggressive, especially chilled
                      Zombie Pigmen).

    - v1.0.4-b2   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.90/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [F] Fixed 1.14 build system sync issue.

    - v1.0.4-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.44/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [A] Added Sleeping Bag
                  [A] Added zh_cn.lang (scikirbypoke, PR#4).

    - v1.0.3-b3   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.31/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [M] REDIA tool tweaked.

    - v1.0.3-b2   [A] Added Auto Stim Pack (auto heal a few hearts and Speed Boost
                      when your health falls below three hearts, usable as Bauble).

    - v1.0.3-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.10/20190719-1.14.3.

    - v1.0.2-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.105/20190719-1.14.3.

    - v1.0.1-b3   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.100/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [A] Ariadne Coal (arrow drawing for orientation) added.
                  [M] REDIA tool exhaustion and item damage adapted to 1.12.
                  [M] Mod logo fixed.

    - v1.0.1-b2   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.81/20190719-1.14.3,
                  recipe condition processing updated accordingly.

    - v1.0.1-b1   [A] Ported REDIA tool from 1.12.2.
                  [A] Ported ore crushing hammer from 1.12.2.
                  [A] Ported Coarse Iron/Gold Grit 1.12.2, currently not auto-disabled
                      if other mods provide grits (OreDict replacement unclear yet).

-----

Commit message:

REDIA tool config options added. Lang file fixes. Code cleanups. Forge updates.

1.14/readme.md, after:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.14.4)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.14.4.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

    - v1.0.5-b3   [A] Added config options for the REDIA tool.
                  [F] Fixed newline escapes in lang files.

    - v1.0.5-b2   [M] Lang zh_cn updated (scikirbypoke).
                  [F] Fixed JEI integration warning if nothing is opt'ed out (thx @SDUBZ).
                  [A] Added GIT version logging.

    - v1.0.5-b1   [M] The REDIA tool prevents you from accidentally attacking villagers,
                      pets, and while mining also mobs (if not aggressive, especially chilled
                      Zombie Pigmen).

    - v1.0.4-b2   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.90/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [F] Fixed 1.14 build system sync issue.

    - v1.0.4-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.44/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [A] Added Sleeping Bag
                  [A] Added zh_cn.lang (scikirbypoke, PR#4).

    - v1.0.3-b3   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.31/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [M] REDIA tool tweaked.

    - v1.0.3-b2   [A] Added Auto Stim Pack (auto heal a few hearts and Speed Boost
                      when your health falls below three hearts, usable as Bauble).

    - v1.0.3-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.1.10/20190719-1.14.3.

    - v1.0.2-b1   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.105/20190719-1.14.3.

    - v1.0.1-b3   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.100/20190719-1.14.3.
                  [A] Ariadne Coal (arrow drawing for orientation) added.
                  [M] REDIA tool exhaustion and item damage adapted to 1.12.
                  [M] Mod logo fixed.

    - v1.0.1-b2   [U] Updated to Forge 1.14.4-28.0.81/20190719-1.14.3,
                  recipe condition processing updated accordingly.

    - v1.0.1-b1   [A] Ported REDIA tool from 1.12.2.
                  [A] Ported ore crushing hammer from 1.12.2.
                  [A] Ported Coarse Iron/Gold Grit 1.12.2, currently not auto-disabled
                      if other mods provide grits (OreDict replacement unclear yet).

-----
