1.15/readme.md, before:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.15.1)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.15.1.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.8      [R] Release v1.0.8. Release-to-release changes:
                      ! Forge update, requires Forge 1.15.2-31.2.20.
                      * Material Box added (inventory storage container).
                      * REDIA Tool model updated.
                      * Config rework/update to 1.15 server config paradigm.
                      * Refractoring under the hood.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.8-b3   [U] Forge/mappings updated.
                  [M] REDIA Tool model refined.

    - v1.0.8-b2   [!] Mod config moved from 'common' to 'server' config, in case
                      of applied setting please double check.
                  [F] Config reload update fixed (issue #10, thx armoredfury).

    - v1.0.8-b1   [A] Added Material Box (simple item storage box with some tweaks).
                  [M] Refractoring under the hood to new naming conventions.

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.7      [R] Release based on v1.0.7-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                      * Common tag based ore duping recipes added for the Crushing Hammmer.
                      * Diving Air Capsule added.
                      * REDIA Tool inventory crafting repair and sharpening added.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
                  [M] Muslee Bar Press also accepts Beetroot seeds by default.

    - v1.0.7-b2   [A] REDIA Tool inventory repair recipe added (repair with Diamonds).
                  [A] REDIA Tool Efficiency/Fortune now added by over-repairing (adding REDIA coating layers).

    - v1.0.7-b1   [A] Added Ore Crushing Hammer recipes for common ores, preferred output are IE grits.
                      Provided easy data driven way to add other ore->dust recipes (issue #6).
                  [M] Updated to new MCP/Forge mappings.
                  [M] REDIA Tool default Fortune curve tweaked (slightly nerfed).
                  [A] Added Diving Air Capsule (automatic air refreshing).

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.6      [R] Release based on v1.0.6-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                      * Added Muslee Melange Power Bar food and Muslee Melange Power Bar Press to craft it.
                      * Curios integration added.
                      * Patchouli Manual added.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.6-b2   [A] Added Muslee Melange Power Bar food and Muslee Melange Power Bar Press to craft it.

    - v1.0.6-b1   [A] Curios integration added.

    - v1.0.5-b4   [F] Added Forge hook invocation sidenes assurance for sleeping (related to #8).

    - v1.0.5-b3   [A] Added config options for the REDIA tool.
                  [F] Fixed newline escapes in lang files.

    - v1.0.5-b2   [M] Lang zh_cn updated (scikirbypoke).
                  [A] Added GIT version logging.

    - v1.0.5-b1   [A] Initial 1.15 port (Forge 1.15.1-30.0.7).

-----

Commit message:

1.15: Crushing hammer tool damage and knockback added (issue #11).

1.15/readme.md, after:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.15.1)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.15.1.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

    - v1.0.9-b1   [F] Fixed Crushing Hammer not getting damage when hitting blocks (issue #11, cheers Federsavo).
                  [A] Crushing Hammer knocks back creatures without actually attacking or doing damage. Good for
                      gently prodding villagers out of the way or for blasting aggressive mobs over the edge.

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.8      [R] Release v1.0.8. Release-to-release changes:
                      ! Forge update, requires Forge 1.15.2-31.2.20.
                      * Material Box added (inventory storage container).
                      * REDIA Tool model updated.
                      * Config rework/update to 1.15 server config paradigm.
                      * Refractoring under the hood.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.8-b3   [U] Forge/mappings updated.
                  [M] REDIA Tool model refined.

    - v1.0.8-b2   [!] Mod config moved from 'common' to 'server' config, in case
                      of applied setting please double check.
                  [F] Config reload update fixed (issue #10, thx armoredfury).

    - v1.0.8-b1   [A] Added Material Box (simple item storage box with some tweaks).
                  [M] Refractoring under the hood to new naming conventions.

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.7      [R] Release based on v1.0.7-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                      * Common tag based ore duping recipes added for the Crushing Hammmer.
                      * Diving Air Capsule added.
                      * REDIA Tool inventory crafting repair and sharpening added.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
                  [M] Muslee Bar Press also accepts Beetroot seeds by default.

    - v1.0.7-b2   [A] REDIA Tool inventory repair recipe added (repair with Diamonds).
                  [A] REDIA Tool Efficiency/Fortune now added by over-repairing (adding REDIA coating layers).

    - v1.0.7-b1   [A] Added Ore Crushing Hammer recipes for common ores, preferred output are IE grits.
                      Provided easy data driven way to add other ore->dust recipes (issue #6).
                  [M] Updated to new MCP/Forge mappings.
                  [M] REDIA Tool default Fortune curve tweaked (slightly nerfed).
                  [A] Added Diving Air Capsule (automatic air refreshing).

                  -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.6      [R] Release based on v1.0.6-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                      * Added Muslee Melange Power Bar food and Muslee Melange Power Bar Press to craft it.
                      * Curios integration added.
                      * Patchouli Manual added.
                  -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.6-b2   [A] Added Muslee Melange Power Bar food and Muslee Melange Power Bar Press to craft it.

    - v1.0.6-b1   [A] Curios integration added.

    - v1.0.5-b4   [F] Added Forge hook invocation sidenes assurance for sleeping (related to #8).

    - v1.0.5-b3   [A] Added config options for the REDIA tool.
                  [F] Fixed newline escapes in lang files.

    - v1.0.5-b2   [M] Lang zh_cn updated (scikirbypoke).
                  [A] Added GIT version logging.

    - v1.0.5-b1   [A] Initial 1.15 port (Forge 1.15.1-30.0.7).

-----
