1.12/readme.md, before:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.12.2)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.12.2.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.4    [R] Release based on v1.0.4-b1. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Sleeping Bag added
                    * Language updates
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.4-b1 [A] Added Sleeping Bag
                [A] Added zh_cn.lang (scikirbypoke, PR#4).

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.3    [R] Release based on v1.0.3-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Auto Stim Pack added
                    * REDIA tool tweaks.
                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                [F] Fixed REDIA tool fortune calculation issue when breaking blocks.

    - v1.0.3-b2 [M] REDIA tool block breaking speed clamped for blocks with low hardness,
                    torch placing on walls also while sneaking.

    - v1.0.3-b1 [A] Added Auto Stim Pack (auto heal a few hearts and Speed Boost
                    when your health falls below three hearts, usable as Bauble).

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.2    [R] Release based on v1.0.2-b3. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Ariadne coal (arrow drawing pen) added.
                    * REDIA tool fixes and tweaks.
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.2-b3 [M] REDIA tool: Slightly reduced tree felling exhaustion.

    - v1.0.2-b2 [M] Tree felling cross mod compatibility improved.
                [M] Tree felling durability loss tuned, exhaustion added.
                [M] Ariadne Coal durability tuned.

    - v1.0.2-b1 [A] Ariadne Coal added to draw arrows in caves and mines.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.1    [R] Release based on v1.0.1-b3. Release-to-release changes:
                    * REDIA multi tool added (axe, pickaxe, shove, shears, torch
                      placing, hoeing, etc.)
                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                [F] REDIA tool: Snipping tall grass fixed.
                [A] REDIA tool: Attack modifiers like a Diamond Axe.
                [A] REDIA tool: Enchantability improved.

    - v1.0.1-b3 [A] REDIA tool: Fortune for high durability (curve configurable).
                [M] REDIA tool: Enachantable only with Unbreaking with book (would
                    be OP otherwise).
                [A] REDIA tool: Right-click: Shear harvesting of Vines, Grass, etc.

    - v1.0.1-b2 [A] Added REDIA (REal DIAmond) tool, combining pickaxe, axe and shovel.
                    Right-click: Torch placing. Sneak-right-click: Hoeing dirt - farm land -
                    coarse dirt - grass path - dirt. Sneak while chopping wood logs: Tree
                    felling.

    - v1.0.1-b1 [F] Fixed oredict recipe issue (#1), the duplicated grit is now a
                    remaining item in the crafting grid, which makes automation harder.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.0    [R] Release based on v1.0.0-b3
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.0-b3 [F] Fixed Crushing hammer experimental config flag, so it's
                    now craftable by default.

    - v1.0.0-b2 [A] Added mod internal iron and gold grit, which is used
                    if no other mod provides iron/gold dust. Can only be
                    smelted to ingots. Hidden in JEI, as the grits of
                    other mods shall be preferred.

    - v1.0.0-b1 [A] Added ore crushing hammer.

----

Commit message:

REDIA tool: Health and safety features added.

1.12/readme.md, after:


## Engineer's Tools (MC1.12.2)

Mod sources for Minecraft version 1.12.2.

- Description, credits, and features: Please see the readme in the repository root.

- Compiled mod distribution channel is curseforge: https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/engineers-tools/files.

----
## Version history

    - v1.0.5-b1 [M] The REDIA tool prevents you from accidentally attacking villagers,
                    pets, and while mining also mobs (if not aggressive, especially chilled
                    Zombie Pigmen).

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.4    [R] Release based on v1.0.4-b1. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Sleeping Bag added
                    * Language updates
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.4-b1 [A] Added Sleeping Bag
                [A] Added zh_cn.lang (scikirbypoke, PR#4).

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.3    [R] Release based on v1.0.3-b2. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Auto Stim Pack added
                    * REDIA tool tweaks.
                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                [F] Fixed REDIA tool fortune calculation issue when breaking blocks.

    - v1.0.3-b2 [M] REDIA tool block breaking speed clamped for blocks with low hardness,
                    torch placing on walls also while sneaking.

    - v1.0.3-b1 [A] Added Auto Stim Pack (auto heal a few hearts and Speed Boost
                    when your health falls below three hearts, usable as Bauble).

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.2    [R] Release based on v1.0.2-b3. Release-to-release changes:
                    * Ariadne coal (arrow drawing pen) added.
                    * REDIA tool fixes and tweaks.
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.2-b3 [M] REDIA tool: Slightly reduced tree felling exhaustion.

    - v1.0.2-b2 [M] Tree felling cross mod compatibility improved.
                [M] Tree felling durability loss tuned, exhaustion added.
                [M] Ariadne Coal durability tuned.

    - v1.0.2-b1 [A] Ariadne Coal added to draw arrows in caves and mines.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.1    [R] Release based on v1.0.1-b3. Release-to-release changes:
                    * REDIA multi tool added (axe, pickaxe, shove, shears, torch
                      placing, hoeing, etc.)
                -------------------------------------------------------------------
                [F] REDIA tool: Snipping tall grass fixed.
                [A] REDIA tool: Attack modifiers like a Diamond Axe.
                [A] REDIA tool: Enchantability improved.

    - v1.0.1-b3 [A] REDIA tool: Fortune for high durability (curve configurable).
                [M] REDIA tool: Enachantable only with Unbreaking with book (would
                    be OP otherwise).
                [A] REDIA tool: Right-click: Shear harvesting of Vines, Grass, etc.

    - v1.0.1-b2 [A] Added REDIA (REal DIAmond) tool, combining pickaxe, axe and shovel.
                    Right-click: Torch placing. Sneak-right-click: Hoeing dirt - farm land -
                    coarse dirt - grass path - dirt. Sneak while chopping wood logs: Tree
                    felling.

    - v1.0.1-b1 [F] Fixed oredict recipe issue (#1), the duplicated grit is now a
                    remaining item in the crafting grid, which makes automation harder.

                -------------------------------------------------------------------
    - v1.0.0    [R] Release based on v1.0.0-b3
                -------------------------------------------------------------------

    - v1.0.0-b3 [F] Fixed Crushing hammer experimental config flag, so it's
                    now craftable by default.

    - v1.0.0-b2 [A] Added mod internal iron and gold grit, which is used
                    if no other mod provides iron/gold dust. Can only be
                    smelted to ingots. Hidden in JEI, as the grits of
                    other mods shall be preferred.

    - v1.0.0-b1 [A] Added ore crushing hammer.

----
